    The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
    She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
    It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
    The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
    He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
    He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
    He shaved the peach to prove a point.
    Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
    She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
    No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
    Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
    It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
    We should play with legos at camp.
    I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
    Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
    He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
    I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
    Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
    He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
    Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
    The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
    The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
    The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
    Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
    She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
    Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
    He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
    The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
    It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
    Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
    He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
    I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
    Pink horses galloped across the sea.
    Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
    Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
    Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
    When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
    The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
    Art doesn't have to be intentional.
    I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
    She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
    Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
    She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
    I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
    There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
    Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
    Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
    I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
    As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
    As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
    At last
    Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
    Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
    You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
    There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
    Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
    I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
    The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
    Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
    The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
    Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
    He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
    When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
    Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
    Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
    While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
    The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
    Don't step on the broken glass.
    She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
    They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
    Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
    The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
    The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
    Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
    For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
    A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
    He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
    If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
    Rock music approaches at high velocity.
    There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
    There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
    Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
    Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
    She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
    The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
    Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
    It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
    Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
    She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
    Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
    The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
    She was too short to see over the fence.
    Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
    She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
    We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
    She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
    The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
    She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
    He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
    Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
    Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
    The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
    He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
    Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
    I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
    The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
    100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
    He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
    The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
    It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
    I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
    Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
    He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
    Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
    It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
    I want more detailed information.
    Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
    Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
    As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
    All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
    He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
    They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
    Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
    The door slammed on the watermelon.
    The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
    I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
    We need to rent a room for our party.
    I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
    Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
    She found his complete dullness interesting.
    Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
    She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
    Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
    I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
    I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
    The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
    He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
    They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
    The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
    He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
    She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
    Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
    One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
    He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
    The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
    The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
    I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
    He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
    Too many prisons have become early coffins.
    Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.